Edit readme to reflect data model contribution (#267)
adknowledgeportal/data-models: README.md

#### Adding a new valid value to an existing manifest column: 
1. If you wanted to add a new valid value "eyeball" to our existing column attribute "organ", after making a new branch and opening the repo either locally or within a codespace, you would go to `modules/biospecimen/organ.csv`.

> 1. Then, create a new row for an attribute named "eyeball", with a description and source (preferably an ontology URI). In the `Parent` column, make sure the value is "organ".

Reviewer: minor, but the numbering may need fixing

Author: Thanks for the detailed review and markdown actually supports the re-numbering of these when everything starts with `1.`. This way, it reduces the maintenance burden when steps are added or removed!

<img width="802" height="636" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7d5da3cb-beb0-48af-ba08-9e447e9342f1" />

Reviewer: Oh great, this is good to know, thanks!

1. Next, find the row for the attribute "organ" (should be the first row), and w/in the valid values column, add "eyeball" to the comma-separated list of valid values.
1. Save your changes and write an informative commit. Please try to add valid values alphabetically!
   
#### Adding a new column to a manifest template: 
1. If you wanted to add the column "furColor" to the "model-ad_individual_animal_metadata" template, first decide which module the new column should belong to. In this case, "MODEL-AD" makes the most sense.

> 1. W/in the `MODEL-AD` subfolder, create a new csv called `furColor.csv` with the required schematic column headers. Describe the attribute "furColor" as necessary and make sure `Parent` = `ManifestColumn`. Add any valid values for "furColor" as new rows to this csv as described in the previous scenario.

Reviewer: minor, but the numbering may need fixing

1. Find the manifest template attributes in `modules/template/templates.csv`. In the "model-ad_individual_animal_metadata" row, add your new column "furColor" to the comma-separated list of attributes in the `DependsOn` column.
1. Save your changes and write an informative commit.

#### Adding a new template to the data model:
1. If you wanted to add a new template to the data model, first add the template to the bottom of the 'template.csv' file, with the column names in the order they will appear.
      Example: 'assay_spatialTranscriptomics_metadata_template,SysBio spatial transcriptomics metadata template schema,,"Component, individualID, biospecimenID, fileFormat, sequenceAnalysis, runID, captureArea, readIndicator, spatialRead1, spatialRead2",,False,ManifestTemplate,,sysbio.metadataTemplates-assay.spatialTranscriptomics,,,template'

> 1. Stage, commit, and open a PR with these two changes, requesting review by another AD data manager. Once approved and merged, a GitHub Action workflow will run that generates and registers jsonschemas along with creation of recordsets for Curator. You will know when they are complete with a green check.

Reviewer: minor, but the numbering may need fixing

> 1. Stage, commit, and open a PR with these two changes, requesting review by another AD data manager. Once approved and merged, a GitHub Action workflow will run that uploads the new template to the AD Metadata Dictionary site. Note: the GitHub Actions to join the modules and convert to a json-ld data model, and to generate a test template to review take a few minutes to complete. You will know when they are complete with a green check. The GitHub Action to upload the new template to the AD Metadata Dictionary site takes roughly 1.5 hours to complete.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Stage, commit, and open a PR with these two changes, requesting review by another AD data manager. Once approved and merged, a GitHub Action workflow will run that generates and registers jsonschemas along with creation of recordsets for Curator. You will know when they are complete with a green check.
```
